How dare this useless waste offend the Zhao family?
This time it must have gotten us into big trouble.
Mom, I'm afraid it's all over now
I heard that this medicine king Zhao family is murderous
No one we send will survive tonight
Xu Wenjie, I really owe you in my last life
Divorced and caused me so much trouble
Hey, how are you okay?
Qiqi Zhao Family
You don't deserve to let me have anything to do
At this time, don't pretend to die?
Do you want to take my Lan Lan
Dedicated to that Zhao Yunlong
So that you can survive
Mom, if Zhao Yunlong can like it
In fact, it's not impossible for my sister
Yes, Mr. Gao
If you can get along with the Zhao family of the king of medicine
Then we Gao's soared into the sky
What do you take me for?
He's a nest of snakes and mice
But your spring and autumn dreams are broken
Then Zhao Yunlong has been killed by me